so one story that I can think of that really shows what its like working
on my job is is a story that kind of has to do with innovation and
outside the box thinking which we commonly have to do in the E. O.
D. community here one of which was we had a particular piece of gear
one of our you you vis which is about twelve feet in length and weighs
about six hundred pounds and it's really been tied to launching
recovering from an eleven meter read and these eleven meter ribs you
can only move them in theater from one place to another based on particular
err strategically for choir miss that are there it's very
difficult to kind of get aircraft that you can fit an eleven meter ribbons
side so we thought outside the box and figured how can we move
this piece of equipment using the most smallest platform that we have
in our arsenal which is a very small combat rubber rating crafter
creek so this was out on deployment and we found kind of a construction
site that had some left over plywood and foam and we basically
developed a sled device that we were able to pull this vehicle up on
two in tow behind our smallest platformer smallest creek that had
just a thirty five horsepower engine and still be able to be combat
effective and deploy the equipment searching for mines all across the
theater so from that are admiral happened actually see what we have
developed out of wood and phone Khan and got nicknamed the spruce
goose and later he actually funded a program to develop a more robust
proto type and here we are five years later we actually have eighteen
of these operational prototypes being worked right now they've gone
through several different iterations and there now part of the X.
MCM companies tower table of allowances and they deploy with these
things that provide us an opportunity to basically get to where we
need to without being strong arm to using the eleven meter crew of red